What is next on our program?
Well, we have five talks that are going to be given by five members of the governing body.
Now, as you listen to these talks, one of them is going to reveal to us some adjusted understanding.
Another is going to tell us about the year text for next year.
Other talks are going to motivate us, and then another talk is going to show a change in our ministry.
Have I got your attention?
Well, to start off this intriguing series of talks, we're going to invite Brother David Splain to talk to us on this intriguing title,
Azekiel's Temple Vision and You.
Well, did you enjoy your tour, not your tour of Warwick, Walkill, Patterson?
But did you enjoy the tour that we recently made of the temple that we've been reading about in the book of Ezekiel?
Well, that was quite a tour.
Can you imagine that we were transported onto an extremely high mountain, and we were given a vision of an imposing temple complex.
And we had quite a tour guide, didn't we, an angel whose appearance was of copper, and he showed us some wonderful things.
Well, it's all very interesting, but what does it mean?
Now, for many years, our publications have stated that the temple that Ezekiel saw was Jehovah's Great Spiritual Temple.
And we came to that conclusion because there are admittedly some similarities between the tabernacle that Moses was connected with and the temple of Ezekiel.
And so the thought was that the temple of Ezekiel and the tabernacle they represented the same thing.
And we know that the tabernacle represents the spiritual temple because the Apostle Paul said so.
Well, it's true that there are similarities between the tabernacle and Ezekiel's temple, but there are major differences as well.
The tabernacle really focuses on the high priest and the sacrifice that he makes on the day of Atonement.
And so we can say that the tabernacle is really centered on the future work that Jesus was going to do as the great high priest and the sacrifice that he was going to make.
But now what about the temple that Ezekiel saw? Is there a high priest? No. What about the day of Atonement? Is the day of Atonement mentioned? No, it is not.
And so we can see that there are differences between the tabernacle and the temple of Ezekiel.
Now right up front, let's be clear. Ezekiel was not touring the spiritual temple. Let's see why not.
But first, let's review what Brother Lush told us about the spiritual temple. What is it? Now Brother Lush said that it's an arrangement, but he didn't stop there at any.
He said it's an arrangement for worship based on the sacrifice of Christ. Now what do we know about the sacrifice of Christ? Let's take the Bible and turn to Hebrews chapter 9.
Hebrews chapter 9. We're going to read verses 11 and 12. Hebrews 9, 11 and 12. Paul writes, however, when Christ came as a high priest of the good things that have already taken place.
So the spiritual temple was actually in existence in Jesus' day, because these things had already taken place.
He passed through the greater and more perfect tent not made with hands, that is not of this creation.
He entered into the holy place, not with the blood of goats and of young bulls, but with his own blood once for all time.
So what do we learn from this? Well, we learn that Jesus' sacrifice is offered once for all time and the blood of bulls and goats that doesn't enter the picture.
One sacrifice, and that's enough. After that, there are no grain offerings, there are no guilt offerings, there are no whole burned offerings, and there are no sin offerings.
Because that one sacrifice of Christ is enough. The spiritual temple is centered around the sacrifice of Christ.
Now what did we see when we toured Ezekiel's temple? Green offerings, sin offerings, guilt offerings, the blood of bulls and goats, and even purification for the priests,
who don't at all seem to have been declared righteous by means of their faith in the blood of Christ.
So we can see that there's something different about Ezekiel's temple, and really Ezekiel and Paul cover different ground.
So if you're taking notes, this is the time to make a little note.
From Paul, we learn about Jehovah's arrangement for worship.
From Ezekiel, we learn about Jehovah's, wait for it, Jehovah's standard for worship.
From Ezekiel, we learn about Jehovah's standard for worship.
Now what did we learn about Jehovah's standards from those nine chapters of Ezekiel? Well, he has high standards.
He has very high standards. Don't think about it. Where was Ezekiel's temple located?
Was it located on a mountain of average height, Mount Mariah, maybe, or the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem? No.
It was located on a very high mountain, a temple on a very high mountain, a house of Jehovah on a very high mountain,
maybe even above the tops of the mountains. Where have I heard about that before?
Can I read something about that somewhere in the Bible? Yes. I say a chapter 2 and verse 2. Let's read it.
I say a chapter 2 and verse 2. It says, in the final part of the days, that doesn't sound like 29 CE, does it?
In the final part of the days, the mountain of the house of Jehovah will become firmly established above the top of the mountains,
and it will be raised up above the hills, and to it all the nations will stream. Well, on that prophecy helps us to understand when Ezekiel's temple vision finds its major fulfillment.
Not in 29 CE when we first see the spiritual temple, thick shape, but in the final part of the days.
Now, when is it? What is it that is firmly established above the tops of the mountains? We know the answer to that. It's Jehovah's worship, isn't it?
And so Jehovah's worship is established above the tops of the mountains in the final part of the days, and so Ezekiel's temple vision must be fulfilled in the final part of the days, not in 29 CE.
Now, the mountain that Ezekiel saw is not the only thing that's elevated. There are gates leading to the temple area, and you know those gates are some 100 feet tall.
And there are guard chambers at the entryways, so that no unclean person can come in. Why? Because Jehovah's high standards of morality must be respected.
Now, there's another striking feature of Ezekiel's temple. There was a wall around the entire perimeter, the entire temple area. Now, each side was almost a mile long, but the temple itself was only about 850 feet to a side.
So you have the little temple area, relatively, and then you have this great expanse all around. We have a picture. Maybe this will give us an idea. Do you see the temple in the middle there? And then that wide perimeter and the wall around the temple, why?
Jehovah answered at Ezekiel 43.9. Let them put their spiritual prostitution far away from me. Now, someone who was familiar with the layout of ancient Jerusalem would understand this, because really there was only a wall that separated the temple in Jerusalem from ordinary housing.
So as the people began to worship idols and they brought immorality and all kinds of horrible things into their homes, they were actually bringing this right up against the wall of the temple. And so Jehovah God is saying, no more, enough. I want to keep it far away from me.
Now, Ezekiel's temple vision has a major and a minor fulfillment. So we'll talk about the minor fulfillment for a moment. In chapter 8, Ezekiel described conditions that prevailed when the Temple of Solomon was functioning.
There, 70 men offering incense to creeping things at a load of some beasts, 25 men bowing down to the sun, women weeping for the God Tamas. But to his great relief, Ezekiel sees none of that in his temple vision.
Instead, he sees pure worship being carried on in a way that he would have understood that would have had Jehovah's approval back then.
So after the Jews were released from Babylonian captivity, they would be able to worship Jehovah acceptably. After the Jews were released from Babylonian captivity, they would be able to restore pure worship in the way that Jehovah approved.
But now the title of this talk is Ezekiel's temple and you. So where do we fit into the picture? Well, it's simple. We are living in the time of the fulfillment of Ezekiel's temple vision.
And in the major fulfillment, we find the true worship has been restored since when? Well, since when in particular has the mountain of the house of Jehovah been lifted up above the tops of the mountains since 1919? What a coincidence.
Because in 1919, Jehovah's people were also freed from captivity to Babylon in the great. And so after being freed from captivity to Babylon in the great, now we see an improvement in pure worship getting better and better.
And since that time, Jehovah has progressively guided us to adopt his high standards. I think about his high moral standards.
He is admitted to a permanent association with the organization until they have the approval and of the elders until the elders say yes, and they are acceptable.
I think back 65 years ago when I started publishing, and I know that many of you have been publishers a lot longer than that. But I can remember back 65 years ago, when I started to publish, I just turned in a report.
I asked many questions. You didn't have to be approved. When you got baptized, you didn't go through the questions with the elders. There were no elders. No more, no more.
We can see how progressively Jehovah has raised the standard. And what about unrepentant, wrongdoers? They're not allowed to remain in the congregation. That wasn't always the case.
We see how Jehovah God has been progressively guiding us, leading us to a better and better relationship with him.
Now he has also cleansed his people spiritually. Think about what's happened since 1919. How Jehovah's people have worked hard to keep spiritual uncleaness far away from pure worship, casting off false doctrines and practices tated with idolatry and paganism.
What has been the result? Jehovah has blessed his people. And there's tangible proof of that blessing. Nations are streaming to the mountain of the house of Jehovah. And they come because they have heard that God is with his people.
So what have we learned from this brief discussion? This. While the spiritual temple is Jehovah's arrangement for worship, Ezekiel's temple emphasizes God's standards for worship. What else have we learned? This.
We see the arrangement of the spiritual temple since 29 CE. But we see the fulfillment of Ezekiel's temple vision since 1919. Well, we're grateful to our angelic tour guide for the remarkable visit that we had to the temple.
But we're also more grateful to Jehovah God for helping us to see what that remarkable vision means for you and for me today.
Well, thank you very much, brothers, for such a clear explanation. And clear as it was, we're all looking forward to the replay, aren't we?
So we can get all those details, because that was a very interesting and exciting discussion.
Well, next on our program, brother Mark Sanderson of the governing body, is going to talk to us on this interesting theme, never ever lose hope.
Hope is absolutely essential to our strength as Christians. No hope equals no power.
Proverbs chapter 18 and verse 14 says, a person's spirit can sustain him through illness, but who can bear a crushed spirit?
Or if you look at the footnote, who can bear complete despair? What's the point? No hope equals no power.
But then there's also low hope equals low power. Proverbs chapter 24 and verse 10 says, if you become discouraged in the day of distress, your strength will be meager.
Low hope equals low power. Well, immediately, we see why it is so important for us as Christians that we never ever lose hope.
Hebrews chapter 6 and verse 19 says, that hope is the anchor of our souls, or the footnote, the anchor of our lives.
But now, brothers, what is hope? That's a word we use all the time, but what does it really mean?
The original language words that are used in the Bible that are translated hope mean to wait eagerly and to expect good.
So hope is not simply the desire for something good. It also includes the basis for believing that that good thing is going to come.
Now, let's look at an illustration. We might wish that a friend would come to our aid and help us during a time of trial.
But now, what if that friend had helped us many, many times before? Well, now it changes, doesn't it?
Now our hope is not simply wishful thinking. There is a real reason to believe that that friend will help us.
You see, that is real hope. Not just the desire for something good, but the real basis to believe that we can receive it.
Now, brothers, what could cause us to begin to lose hope? Well, I don't think I need to tell you this, but life in this system is certainly not trouble-free.
Were you aware of that? Most of us, we recognize that our physical bodies are breaking down. If you're over 50, no doubt you've had to learn a new alphabet.
EKG, MRI, HDL, LDL, and the list goes on and on. If you don't know what that means, well, okay, I give up.
But in addition to our own health problems and challenges, we have to cope with the health problems of our close relatives or perhaps our marriage mate, our elderly parents, whatever it may be.
And in addition to that, we also have to cope with the loss of some of our very dear loved ones in death.
What if you live in Venezuela? Due to the unrest in that country, the reports that we have received as of August the 10th indicate that 47 of our brothers and sisters have been murdered in that land.
And many more have been victims of other terrible criminal acts. Our hearts go out to our brothers in Venezuela.
What if you live in Texas or Mexico or the Caribbean? Well, you know that we have just had devastating natural disasters. Some of our brothers have lost their homes, their places of worship, as well as virtually all of their material things.
What if you live in Russia? In that land 175,000 of our brothers can now no longer worship Jehovah in freedom.
Well, if we were to continue to focus our attention on all of these negative things, this would not be the kingdom hall. It would be the wailing wall. Isn't that true? But I have to tell you, brothers, that is not the spirit of Jehovah's people.
That is not the spirit in the room right now. It is not the spirit of God's people anywhere on the face of this earth. Despite all of the challenges that we are experiencing, we do not give up. Do you agree?
Now why is this the case? Isaiah chapter 40 has the answer for us. Now let's begin in reading here in verse 26.
The prophet encourages us to look up. It says, lift up your eyes to heaven and see. Who has created these things? It is the one who brings out their army by number.
He calls them all by name because of his vast dynamic energy and his awe-inspiring power, not one of them is missing. Well, what's the point?
You see, the source of our hope, the one we put our confidence in, Jehovah has vast dynamic energy. He has awe-inspiring power. Look at verse 28.
Do you not know? Have you not heard? Jehovah, the creator of the ends of the earth, is a God for all eternity. He never tires out or grows weary. His understanding is unsearchable. Yes, Jehovah is the ultimate power source in the universe.
He never grows tired. He never grows weary. But now how do we benefit? Because we put our hope in him. Well, look at what verse 29 says.
He gives power to the tired one and full might to those lacking strength. Well, now is this something that we can connect somehow to our physical power? In other words, someone somehow Jehovah invigorates our own physical bodies? Well, not really because look at verse 30, what it says.
Boys will tire out and grow weary and young men will stumble and fall. So this help from Jehovah is not connected to our physical strength. It's not connected to our age or our physical power.
What really then is the key to our gaining this power from this unlimited power source that is Jehovah? Well, verse 31.
But those hoping in Jehovah will regain power. Well, now that's an interesting expression.
Problems, pressures, persecution, ban, imprisonment, natural disaster. The list goes on and on and on. If we focus our attention on all of these problems and difficulties, what happens?
We just feel our battery being completely drained. We lose all of our power. But what happens when we turn our attention to our magnificent God, Jehovah?
What happens when we remember how much Jehovah loves us? What happens when we remember how many times Jehovah has come through and given us exactly what we need exactly at the right time?
We immediately, as verse 31 says, we immediately begin to regain power. We feel it coming back into us. And although we may have been like a tree that's lost its sleeves and just looks like it's dead, what happens? Well, we put forth new shoots and we begin to come back to life because of the power that's coming from Jehovah.
Well, as a result, what does the end of the verse say? They will soar on wings like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not tire out. Brothers, what's the point? No hope, no power.
Low hope, low power. Hope in Jehovah unlimited power. Would you agree? When we hope in Jehovah, we can walk. We can run. We can fly. We can even soar if we never ever lose hope in Jehovah.
Now, brothers, I want to tell you this is not pop psychology. This is not the power of positive thinking. Wherever I go on this beautiful earth and have the opportunity to meet Jehovah's people, I have seen with my own eyes how Jehovah is renewing the power of his people.
They are never conquered by the situations they are facing. The power from Jehovah is helping them to remain firm. What about our dear brothers in Venezuela?
Despite the many problems and pressures that have come upon our brothers in that land due to the unrest that's occurring, did you know that in 2014 there were 26,252 regular pioneers in that land?
But this year, in May of 2017, in the midst of all of these problems that are occurring in that country, they recorded an all-time peak in regular pioneers, 34,353, an increase of more than 8,000. What do you think of that? Those dear brothers are not accomplishing that in their own strength.
They are hoping in Jehovah and they are renewing or regaining their power. What about those brothers in the disaster relief areas? Do you remember what Brother Bro said in the report on JW Broadcasting about our brothers on the island of Tortola?
Their kingdom hall, which they had been using for decades, was destroyed, rendered unusable. And yet what did the brothers do? Every day they went and sat in the kingdom hall parking lot. Do you remember that? And why? Because they knew, they had confidence that this would be the place where the help from Jehovah would originate.
And they were not disappointed. Brother Bro assured me that now arrangements are being made so that that kingdom hall is going to be restored and back up in use for the benefit of our dear brothers in Tortola.
And what about those dear brothers and sisters in Russia? Well, what did Jehovah do to make the spirit of those brothers and sisters soar, even though they were facing a very, very difficult situation?
Please watch. Elderly people, the small children, people in every walk of life have all wanted to express themselves in some way. And tell the authorities here in Russia how they feel about this action on Jehovah's people. Worldwide, it has had such a unifying effect on our brotherhood.
I have no idea what Mr. Putin will do when he opens all these letters, not just mine. Having written these letters shows how the whole organization is upholding Jehovah's sovereignty into these last days.
I consider participating in this campaign a great privilege. Even though we are separated by language and distance, we are united by our love for Jehovah.
Jehovah's servants may be considered as a minority in Russia, but we are associated in a worldwide brotherhood. And as a part of the worldwide brotherhood, I wanted to participate in this campaign by writing letters.
I wrote to the Prime Minister so he will lead my brothers to see the kingdom of wars.
I am sending this letter to ask the Russian government, please, to allow Jehovah's Witnesses and their children to worship Jehovah, because they are good.
We are hard pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement. We are perplexed, but not absolutely with no way out.
We are persecuted, but not abandoned. We are knocked down, but not destroyed.
Brothers and sisters, we do not know what challenges await us in 2018.
However, we do know that if we never, ever lose hope in Jehovah, we will regain power.
So appropriate, then, that the governing body has chosen for our 2018 year text, Isaiah chapter 40 and verse 31.
Those hoping in Jehovah will regain power.
Yes, dear brothers and sisters, we will always have access to the ultimate power supply in the universe if we never, ever lose hope in our magnificent, our wonderful God, Jehovah.
Well, thank you very much, Brother Sanderson. We look forward to seeing that year text continue to remind us of the need of hope.
Next on our program, we have Brother Samuel Hood of the governing body, and we notice his title is protected by obedience.
During this talk, if you should happen to hear a new spiritual gem, put it out of your mind. I have nothing new to give you.
A mother deer parks her fond baby in tall grass. She tells her baby to stay put, and it does.
She leaves and does not return for many hours. In fact, its protection depends on its obedience to its mother's command.
Now, think back when you were small children, didn't your parents lay down some commands for you to follow for your protection?
Let's take a look at something. Let's go to Ephesians in our Bibles, and let's look at the sixth chapter and a couple of verses.
It says, children, be obedient to your parents in union with the Lord. For this is righteous. Honor your father and your mother.
It is the first command with a promise that it may go well with you, and you may remain a long time on the earth.
Now, all of us, as adults, are children under our Heavenly Father, Jehovah, and, of course, will always be children under Jehovah.
He expects us to be obedient children, just like you would expect your child, if you should have one, to be obedient to you and your suggestions and perhaps some of your commands.
And when we are subjected to Jehovah to this degree, we're protected. And just as the Scripture said for the small children, it applies to us as well, that it may go well with you.
And we want it to go well with us. That's what we're all about. We want to serve Jehovah loyally and faithfully so that we can gain his well done.
And just as the child just may ask his dad, why? Have you ever had a child do you that way? Why? Why do birds sing? Why? Why is the sky blue? There's no end to his wives.
In fact, you may have answered, do it because I told you to do it. Well, your answer was bluntly. There's no doubt about that.
Now, why would you answer a child bluntly like that? Well, it may be because of what he asked of you. What was behind the why? Well, he's just too young. He's too young for you to go and try to explain the why.
It may be that this example could be a reality. If five-year-old little girl asked, Mommy, why does Jehovah let babies die from lack of food? See, the little girl just heard that on the television set. Babies are dying for lack of food.
Mommy says, honey, put some arm around the little girl. It has to do with the issue of sovereignty that was raised a long time ago. Some of you may have wondered about that question when you were small.
Even when you became adults without a knowledge of the Bible, you may have wondered, why does God, you didn't know Him by Jehovah? Why does God let little children starve to death? You've seen pictures on television and in the movies where a little baby is just hanging onto his mother's breasts. There's not a drop of milk in that Mommy's breast, not one.
You may have asked yourself why, but now you have the answer to why. You help so many others to get the answer to why. God is not responsible for the death of these children, but there's someone else who is responsible. Why has God delayed? Well, we all know because of an issue that came on the scene years ago. It has to be settled beyond question. It's going to be settled beyond question.
Think back. Jehovah told the Israelites to impound their source of water to keep it clean. Why? He didn't say. Harmful germs could be present, but couldn't be seen by the naked eye. There was no microscope. It wasn't invented until the 1950s. They had to trust and obey for protection.
And we have to trust Jehovah, too, even today for our protection. And when we listen to Jehovah, then we're blessed. And we want to listen to Jehovah. Why? Well, there's a number of reasons. He's our creator. He's our life giver. He's our life sustainer.
If he did not respond in this loving way, none of us would be here. We would expire. And we all know that. So he's loving.
Here's another reason. He's lived longer than we have. And if we live forever, we will never catch up to how long he has lived.
He's been and seen more than we have or ever will see. He has more experience. He has done things that we have not done. And perhaps we'll never ever be able to do.
I'd like to tell you a little story about when I was a young boy. We had a little house. We had a fireplace and wintertime would gather in the living room near the fireplace and put coal on the fireplace, some wood.
And at times a piece of the fire would just blow out, come out of the fireplace onto the living room carpet or linoleum.
And my dad would just pick it up in his hands and toss it back in. And I thought, well, my, that's a grand thing to do.
So the next time it blew out, I grabbed a hold up. Never again. I learned my lesson. Now my dad's hands were callous because he was a mule driver.
And he held onto the reins day in and day out for years upon years. And his hands were just like leather.
And so he knew that he could hold that coal for a short while and get rid of it and it would not burn him. I did not have that knowledge. I had not lived long enough to gain that knowledge.
But my dad had. You see, my dad was 56 years old when I was born. And today if he would be here, well, then he would be 138 years old.
So my dad never was a young dad for me, but he was a good dad. And of course, he was a strong man.
Jehovah created the sun. How hot is the sun? Well, they tell us at its surface, it's 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit or 5,600 degrees Celsius.
At his core or center, it's 27 million degrees Fahrenheit or 15 million degrees Celsius.
A cremation oven is only 1400 degrees to 1800 degrees Fahrenheit in order to turn a body to ashes.
Now just for the sake of impressing us with Jehovah's greatness, don't add any true real truth to this because we do not know.
We only know that he created the sun. But just to impress us with Jehovah's greatness, we can say he could juggle the sun in his hands.
That's our God, Jehovah. New Jerusalem will not need the sun for light. The Bible tells us the glory of God illuminates it, Revelation 21, 23.
When we obey the directions Jehovah gives, we are totally protected. That's why we are not worried about the great tribulation.
What we have to worry about is what comes up before the great tribulation. And the devil is going to do all that he can to destroy our relationship with God.
Now you can bet on that. And he's going to start with all of us. He's not going to select just individuals, but he wants every one of us to come over to his side of the issue.
And so he's not going to leave you without test. So we're going to be testing. Now some of you may have already been tested to the limit. We don't know.
But Jehovah does, if you have, whether you will not be tested to any other limit. You may have a test, but you've proven that you will be able to survive that test.
But right now we need to learn to follow the rules that Jehovah lays out. The Bible mentions only two roads for mankind to follow.
Here they are. Matthew 7, 13 and 14 says, go in through the narrow gate because the broadest the gate and spacious is the road leading off into a destruction.
And many are going in through it. Whereas narrow is the gate and cramped the road leading off into life. And few are finding it.
Now you're not on the spacious road. Not at all. Disobedient travelers are on it. Those permitted to do their own thing innumerable people dance along this wicked highway.
But you have chosen the cramped road. And that's the road that Jehovah has pointed out for each and every one of us. And he's drawing us to him.
All because of what he sees in the heart. Now we may not be able to see what Jehovah sees in the heart.
And that can work against us if we're not careful. We can start talking about a brother because of what we do see.
But Jehovah overlooks that. He lets the blood of Jesus cover that. And he looks for the good and he sees the good and he wants that person to gain life.
And he's going to help that person even though we can't see the good that Jehovah God sees.
Now perhaps in the near future. Our obedience will be put to the test as never before. Let's not depend on the strength that we have demonstrated in our past tests.
Neither should we conclude that we are too spiritual or too holy to cower under pressure.
Now is the time to make obedience a habit. Don't wait till the test comes. Peter, one of the strongest of Jesus apostles.
And the other apostles ran for their lives the night Jesus was arrested. But we find that Peter crept back.
And he stayed at a distance, a good distance. But when questioned, he began to curse and swear saying, I do not know this man of whom you speak.
That's Mark 1471. Now that's Peter. Are you as strong as Peter? Maybe. Maybe not. And it's that maybe not that we care about.
So let's not depend on how long we've been in the truth. Let's stay in the truth. And the only way we're going to do that is to stay with Jehovah.
He's helped us to get his spiritual balance. And we want to capture it with every ounce of energy that we possibly can so that we do not falter in any way and fall.
So thanks to Jehovah and Jesus, we're here. But let's trust Jehovah 100%. The Bible tells us the one trusting in Jehovah will be protected.
And that's what this talk is all about. Obedience brings protection. We need help to stay awake spiritually, help count from our brothers and sisters.
The Bible says consider one another to incite to love and find works not forsaking the meeting our meeting together as some have the custom, but encouraging one another.
And all the more so as you see the day joy near. Now here's an example. You're driving a car at night and it's raining.
You can hear the rain hitting against the top of the car and you can hear windshield wipers slapping against the side of the windshield.
The lights from oncoming cars are somewhat blinding. All these things are sleep-inducing. You begin to nod. You're about to fall asleep. Your wife slaps you.
She's sitting in the passenger seat. He slaps you. You regain control of yourself. Aren't you grateful for the slap? She is.
Every meeting we attend is a slap from someone who loves us to keep us awake spiritually. So be obedient. Be there. Be protected. Your life depends on it.
Thank you very much brotherhood. Now I don't know about you, but I got at least two new points out of that. I wrote it down. Don't be thin-skinned and be willing to be slapped.
Do you know? I love that talk. I used to give talks like that once too. And then they made me the chairman.
I'm sorry brotherhood. I had to wait 12 months to say that.